templating: Add `dict unpacking` section. (#3730)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/config.md

- `exp.live` - path to your [DVCLive](/doc/dvclive) output logs.

### parsing

> - `parsing.bool` - Controls the templating syntax for boolean values when used
>   in
>   [dict unpacking](/doc/user-guide/project-structure/pipelines-files#dict-unpacking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `parsing.bool` - Controls the templating syntax for boolean values used in
  [`dict` unpacking].
```

Reviewer: It's also for lists though, right? Any other types?

>   Valid values are `"store_true"` (default) and `"boolean_optional"`, named
>   after
>   [Python argparse actions](https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#action).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Valid values are `"store_true"` (default) and `"boolean_optional"`, based on
  [Python argparse actions].

  [`dict` unpacking]: /doc/user-guide/project-structure/pipelines-files#dict-unpacking
  [Python argparse actions]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#action
```

  Given the following `params.yaml`:

  ```yaml
  dict:

>     bool-true: true

Reviewer: Everything else should probably be a separate Example, not part of the `parsing.bool` bullet.

    bool-false: false
  ```

  And corresponding `dvc.yaml`:

  ```yaml
  stages:
    foo:
      cmd: python foo.py ${dict}
  ```

  When using `store_true`, `cmd` will be:

  ```shell
  python foo.py --bool-true
  ```

  Whereas when using `boolean_optional`, `cmd` will be:

  ```shell
  python foo.py --bool-true --no-bool-false
  ```

- `parsing.list` - Controls the templating syntax for list values when used in
  [dict unpacking](/doc/user-guide/project-structure/pipelines-files#dict-unpacking).

  Valid values are `"nargs"` (default) and `"append"`, named after
  [Python argparse actions](https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#action).

  Given the following `params.yaml`:

>   ```yaml

Reviewer: Same comments for the `parsing.list` bullet
